If this mediation is pointless for both parties
Then wait for the sentencing result of the court session for a while
Wait, Judge
I have a few more words to say to you
You say thank you, judge.
Financially, we've gotten everything we deserve.
But in fact, what my client wants more is custody of the children
The child is 16 years old
On the surface, it doesn't seem to need the care of the mother
But the child is now in a rebellious period
I believe you have children too
You know how dangerous the rebellion period can be
If a child has an emotional disorder because he cannot live with his mother
Like school weariness
What should I do if my academic performance declines?
A man who could have been a pillar of the country became a waste
Even what about becoming a harmful person to society?
Are you sick?
If I take the child, it will delay his study. Don't lie.
Ok you go on and say thank you judge
The child made it clear that he did not want to live with his father
But the defense lawyer said that if the child was awarded to the father
Can be better developed
That's why people tend to award the child to the father
But, Your Honor
I want to ask you
What does a person's development depend on?
Because the master Roberts his son is a Yoon Junzi
Renowned investor Johnson
His son is a violent maniac
Is he short of money?
Does he lack opportunities for development?
Okay, okay.
Stop talking.
Please believe in the law
We don't tend to give children away to fathers.
So let's wait for the verdict
You are brave young man
What's society like now?
We need a lawyer like you
Thank you, Your Honor.